Prep for 3.4.4 release (#150)
uploadcare/uploadcare-rails: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based now on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 3.4.4 — 2024-11-07

### Added

* Add mongoid support for `mount_uploadcare_file` and `mount_uploadcare_file_group` methods.

### Breaking Changes

> * Drop support for Rails 6.1x in line with currently maintained Rails version: https://rubyonrails.org/maintenance

Author: ```suggestion
* Drop support for Rails 6.1x in line with the currently supported Rails versions: https://rubyonrails.org/maintenance
```
